Shake them show the shawty work that back
Twist it like a houla hoop show me where is at
Shake-shake-shake-shake-shake-shake
Work-work-work-work-work, twist-twist-twist-twist-twist-twist-twist
Show me where is at...

I make them bitches show it, I make them bitches rock
I make them bitches do it, I make them bitches drop
Now who am I... Mr. makin bitches feel good
Now who am I... Mr. givin bitches good wud [x2]

I'm Mr. make'em feel good... and make'em smile too
Turn em out quick cause jizzal is a real wild dude
I make them bitches show it... drop... and do the hole nine
Set a 4 some or really I want the hole now
Meet me at the room... oh yeah... it's going down bitch
Test in back tain assessembly as a pound bitch
Don't play around and chopin boy get the job done
First time 4 everything and if u never saw it done
Beat her to the bed board u know how I play
Got u ram jackin is hard for u to get away
Get all in they face... you know I won't play with it
Now you can stay but the hole click gotta get it...

I make them bitches show it, I make them bitches rock
I make them bitches do it, I make them bitches drop
Now who am I... Mr. makin bitches feel good
Now who am I... Mr.givin bitches good wud [x2]

I'm that negga that you know about
The secret in her cell phone
I'm the one she cheatin wit not the one she cheatin on
A-town cassanova just to make a bitch feel good
Light hoe deep hoe the kid got cut
Cant say nice things, spit wut they wanna hear
Slick conversation have a bitch smilin ear to ear
First class flight, put her mind on another level
Is a bitch one time push a dollar man new dollar
I waste a couple of stacks so make the bitch feel important
But when I get them drowls here's a different subject
I play the game rough let my home boys hits the bitch
Ban-up fuck-up beat'em if they get the bitch

I make them bitches show it, I make them bitches rock
I make them bitches do it, I make them bitches drop
Now who am I... Mr. makin bitches feel good
Now who am I... Mr.gettin bitches good wud [x2]